>> Steve Kinney: One from 2014 is
way simple with the Sammy Worm.
I told this story at lunch,
I'll tell it again.
The original sent like the FBI showed
up at its door and they were not happy.
The original punishment was I think,
a fine some operation.
And I think the sentence was no
internet for the rest of his life,
which I think a court overturned.
But so if you're thinking,
I'm gonna do this stuff for fun,
most of these stories do end with law
enforcement and charges and fines.
So, let's keep that in mind.
This one was shockingly easy.
Basically, the back then, at least in
2014, TweetDeck was an electron app.
And back then, electron apps,
I did a course on it a year ago or
something like that.
And it's kind of annoying because you have
to put CSP on everything now all the time.
But you know why you have to do that now?
Cuz back then you didn't.
And so just the act of seeing this,
because they didn't do any
Eecaping apparently on the tweets.
If you saw this in the Twitter web client
you're fine, but if you open it up in
the TweetDeck app, you then too retweeted
this as well, and then you got an alert.
So it was definitely somebody who is
not being particularly malicious.
You can see there,
I'll put it somewhere else as well.
What's really funny is the comments are,
people code reviewing it and
looking at, getting really
pedantic on how to make it better.
It's the most JavaScript thing
I've ever seen in my life.
eBay had a bad several
months where they had,
I think the social adapt
technically has it, or
one of the other apps I made
has something very similar for
you to play around with and
exploit in your free time.
They sanitize their stuff and but
they had a redirect to query parameter.
The problem is, you could set that
to anything you wanted, right?
And some of the sites that
you could set it to on eBay's
own properties didn't have the same
protections as the main site, right?
And so you could send someone a link.
It looks like an eBay link.
They log in,
it then parses the redirect thing and
then injects code into wherever they
landed after they logged in, right?
And people would change the prices on
stuff from the seller's perspective.
A whole bunch of nasty stuff that
they spent months tracking down.
McDonald's had something very similar.
There was a flaw in Angular sandbox.
We can blame Angular sandbox and
the fact that someone got access to it.
The fact that they decrypted the
password's client side, was the problem,
cuz then you could just get access to
decrypted passwords, send a fetch request
off to your server and collect
a whole bunch of passwords as well.
So you can see, yeah,
are these easy to execute?
No, but once they're in,
they have the keys to the castle, because
they are you at that point, there's
no cores that protect at you, right?
It's not cross origin, it's same site,
same origin at that point.
In a library called Feedify on British
Airways, quarter million people had
their names, addresses, credit cards,
and CVVs stolen, right?
Cuz again, no amount of stuff is going
to protect you, it is now same site,
same origin.
None of the stuff we talked
about before will save you.
Some stuff will save you, we'll get there.
Fortnite, I think this one was disclosed,
which means we don't know
if it was exploited, right?
People could have been quietly doing it,
but it was disclosed,
where an attacker was able to get
access to basically anyone's data.
This was actually really cool,
too, and how it worked.
They used something very
similar to the redirect, right,
where you would send someone a link and
the redirect would go to,
like an unreal 2004 leader board,
Unreal Tournament, whatever.
From, yeah, 15 years ago,
that was just a subdomain
shared with Fortnite.
That page had no CSRF protections, right?
And so they basically send you
a Fortnite one, you logged in,
it redirects you to this other site.
That they could then inject into and send
a bunch of requests back to the main site.
So all this stuff we're talking about,
you need these multiple layers, and we'll
see some more layers in a second, because
you could have a legacy page somewhere.
And someone's going to figure out
something very clever as well.
And then I don't really know how this
one happened as much as I looked.
It's just somebody posted a screenshot,
and
they work as a security researcher at
Google now, so I'm gonna believe it, but
someone did find a way
to do it to the CIA.
This one is from last week, maybe yeah,
it was thing May 24th which if you're
watching this later, this one happened
in 2024, I think about yeah, a week ago.
Which is there was one in the VS code
plugin that allowed it's very this one I
did some research but it's very new
at the time of this recording but
literally a week ago used
a vulnerability of VS code plugin.
So again this stuff can happen outside the
browser as well to exfiltrate sensitive
user information maybe by the time
someone watches this later there's more
information on this one, but
it is very new and track.
So this stuff is still an ever present,
that can still happen to
all of us as we go along.
And then for funsies later,
you can watch someone happen to
them in real time on Twitch, right?
Where some plugin that they installed,
allowed people to just basically
cross-site scripting all day.
So how does it work?
Pretty straightforward.
I mean, it's not easy to do, but
the actual, should you do the first part,
the rest is easy.
You inject a Malicious Script either
that comes to the query param.
You store it in the database somehow and
then it starts to access code.
This is the thing about the web is great,
the web is terrible simultaneously and
then once you are the person that cookies
all yours right like arguably HTV only
will save you on the cookie part, but the
requests are all gonna have it as well.